README.md, before:

# Background Agents

Replace complex automation tools with ~100 lines of Python and Claude Code.

```mermaid
graph LR
    A["Todoist<br/>(add task)"] -->|poll| B["agent_worker.py<br/>(~100 lines)"]
    B -->|"claude -p"| C["Claude Code<br/>(does the work)"]
    C -->|save| D["Airtable + workspace/"]
    B -->|close task| A
```

**The pattern**: A to-do app is the control plane. A Python script polls for tasks and dispatches them to Claude Code. Each Todoist project is an employee with a specific job.

**Read the full tutorial**: [docs/tutorial.md](docs/tutorial.md)

## Quick Start

```bash
# 1. Configure
cp .env.example .env
# Add TODOIST_API_TOKEN, AIRTABLE_API_KEY, AIRTABLE_BASE_ID

# 2. Create a project in Todoist
npm install -g @doist/todoist-cli
td auth login
td project create --name "LinkedIn Writer"

# 3. Add a task
td add "Why background agents beat chatbots" --project "LinkedIn Writer"

# 4. Run the worker
uv run tools/agent_worker.py --project "LinkedIn Writer"
```

## Multiple Employees

Each Todoist project is an employee. Run one worker per project:

```bash
uv run tools/agent_worker.py --project "LinkedIn Writer" --watch
uv run tools/agent_worker.py --project "Newsletter Writer" --watch
```

## Repo Structure

```
tools/agent_worker.py          # The worker (~100 lines)
.claude/skills/linkedin-post/  # LinkedIn writing skill + references
.claude/skills/airtable/       # Airtable CLI skill
.claude/agents/                # Agent definitions (writer + reviewer)
reference/                     # Brand voice, pillars, offers
docs/tutorial.md               # Full tutorial on the pattern
```

Commit message:

Update docs to reflect human-in-the-loop review workflow
Tasks now stay open after agent completes — labeled agent-done, with
comments at pickup and completion. Human reviews and closes. Updated
README, tutorial (sequence diagram, task lifecycle), and spec to match.

README.md, after:

# Background Agents

Replace complex automation tools with ~100 lines of Python and Claude Code.

```mermaid
graph LR
    A["Todoist<br/>(add task)"] -->|poll| B["agent_worker.py<br/>(~100 lines)"]
    B -->|"claude -p"| C["Claude Code<br/>(does the work)"]
    C -->|save| D["Airtable + workspace/"]
    B -->|"comment + label"| A
```

**The pattern**: A to-do app is the control plane. A Python script polls for tasks and dispatches them to Claude Code. Each Todoist project is an employee with a specific job. The agent comments on tasks as it works, then leaves them open for you to review.

**Read the full tutorial**: [docs/tutorial.md](docs/tutorial.md)

## Quick Start

```bash
# 1. Configure
cp .env.example .env
# Add TODOIST_API_TOKEN, AIRTABLE_API_KEY, AIRTABLE_BASE_ID

# 2. Create a project in Todoist
npm install -g @doist/todoist-cli
td auth login
td project create --name "LinkedIn Writer"

# 3. Add a task
td task add "Why background agents beat chatbots" --project "LinkedIn Writer"

# 4. Run the worker
uv run tools/agent_worker.py --project "LinkedIn Writer"
```

## Multiple Employees

Each Todoist project is an employee. Run one worker per project:

```bash
uv run tools/agent_worker.py --project "LinkedIn Writer" --watch
uv run tools/agent_worker.py --project "Newsletter Writer" --watch
```

## Repo Structure

```
tools/agent_worker.py          # The worker (~100 lines)
.claude/skills/linkedin-post/  # LinkedIn writing skill + references
.claude/skills/airtable/       # Airtable CLI skill
.claude/agents/                # Agent definitions (writer + reviewer)
reference/                     # Brand voice, pillars, offers
docs/tutorial.md               # Full tutorial on the pattern
```
